When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

  In a case of collaborative work or if I want to create a public project.

Why do you want to always pull changes manually rather than having git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	Its a matter of avoiding conflicts. For example: while i'm working on a project, someone pushes a change to a file that i'm working on. If git were to pull changes automatically, there would be a conflict in the files or it could be change to a weird state.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
	
	Forks -> used for cloning repositories within github.
	Clones -> used for cloning repostories from a remote to a local and from a local to a local.
	Branches -> used for commiting changes to a file without changing the original. Works both on local and remote.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	The benefit is so we can use that last known state to compare with our version of the file. We can see if our version is ahead, behind or diverges from the one in the remote.

How would you collaborate without using Git or Github? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

	I would use another version-control or file share platform. If I were to use, for example, dropbox, the easiest part would be file saving and file changing. It would need less commands to perform an action. But merging some work together should be a nightmare. And, after all, git command line is easy once you get used to it.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

	Everytime I want to work on a new feature a new branch should be created. This way there is no messing around with the original files if something goes wrong and I can keep the master up-to-date with the remote master. Also, by creating a new branch I have the possibility to later do a pull request and get feedback for my changes before merging them in the master.